Windows vhd configuration - Vsphere (OVA) Builder (#402)
kubernetes-sigs/image-builder: docs/book/src/capi/windows/windows.md

| `packer/config/windows/kubernetes.json` | The version of Kubernetes to install and it's install path |
| `packer/config/windows/containerd.json` | The version of containerd to install |

## Windows Updates

When building Windows images it is necessary to install OS and Security updates.  Image Builder provides two variables to allow choosing which updates get installed which can be used together or seperately (with individual KBs installed first).

To specify the update categories to check, provide a value for `windows_updates_categories` in `packer/config/windows/common.json`.

Example:
Install all available updates from *all categories*.    
`"windows_updates_categories": "CriticalUpdates SecurityUpdates UpdateRollups"` 

> Published Cloud Providor images such as Azure or AWS are regularily updated so it may be preferable to specify individual patches to install.  This can be acheived by specifying the KB numbers of required updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Published Cloud Provider images such as Azure or AWS are regularly updated so it may be preferable to specify individual patches to install.  This can be achieved by specifying the KB numbers of required updates.
```

Author: Thanks @CecileRobertMichon i've corrected my terrible spelling 😂

| `packer/config/windows/kubernetes.json` | The version of Kubernetes to install and it's install path |
| `packer/config/windows/containerd.json` | The version of containerd to install |

## Windows Updates

When building Windows images it is necessary to install OS and Security updates.  Image Builder provides two variables to allow choosing which updates get installed which can be used together or seperately (with individual KBs installed first).

To specify the update categories to check, provide a value for `windows_updates_categories` in `packer/config/windows/common.json`.

Example:
Install all available updates from *all categories*.    
`"windows_updates_categories": "CriticalUpdates SecurityUpdates UpdateRollups"` 

Published Cloud Providor images such as Azure or AWS are regularily updated so it may be preferable to specify individual patches to install.  This can be acheived by specifying the KB numbers of required updates.

To choose individual updates, provide a value for `windows_updates_kbs` in `packer/config/windows/common.json`. 

Example: 
`"windows_updates_kbs": "KB4580390 KB4471332"`.  

>   

Reviewer 2: Can we remove these extra lines?
